Is this your first time seeing him?
He sure is huge.
He's not even breaking a sweat
with four sacks of rice on his back.
But is it true that he killed someone?
He kind of gives me the creeps.
Move the grains into storage.
Yuk-chil, fetch three rolls
of cotton cloth.
Yes, my lord.
Very good, Bong-chun.
You have done well.
I heard it was
quite a bountiful harvest this year.
Well, it was better
than last year, my lord.
Then, how about taking
a servant boy with you?
I am sure you could use
an extra pair of hands.
- I can give you a good deal on him.
- Pardon?
He is young and clever.
I had to teach him a lesson
for causing trouble,
but you have nothing to worry about
since I fixed that nasty habit of his.
[BONGCHON BRIDE]
There we go.
Sun-gap, that feels so good.
This reminds me of our first time.
We almost got caught that time.
You need to get better soon
so we can do this more often.
All right.
That is so good.
Huh? Blood?
No... no!!!
Aaaaaaah!!!
Wait, hold on.
It hurts...
You shouldn't move.
Your leg could be broken.
Who is he?
Where am I?
What happened to me?
I was just with...
You slept for four days straight
without eating a thing.
I made some porridge for you.
Take your time.
You don't want to upset your stomach.
Why is this man taking care of me?
Hey, Bong-chun.
I'm coming, Mother.
Is someone here?
Of course, not.
No one is here.
Then why have you been
rummaging around since last night?
You're acting all antsy
as if you are trying to hide something.
Have you brought back a bride by chance?
- Have you brought me a daughter-in-law?
- It's nothing like that.
Goodness, you have finally found a bride.
- My son has a bride.
- A bride? Is she talking about me?
[ORIGINAL WORK "BONGCHON BRIDE"
BY SOHN GAEPI]
[VOICE ACTORS:
SUN-GAP BY SEO JOUNG-IK]
[BONG-CHUN BY SHIN BEOM-SIK]
[PIL-GYEON BY CHAE AN-SUK]
[DIRECTED BY KIM SEONG-HYEON]
[PRODUCTION BY LAFTEL]
[BONGCHON BRIDE]